README.md, before:

### Welcome to TimePass

## OUR MISSION

Our **Mission** is to provide the friends a perfect site which enables them *to do* 'a great world class time-pass'.

## OUR VISSION

Our **vision** is to empower our friends giving them all-in-one services so that they can not only do time-pass effectively;
but also they will get addicted to it. No one in the world will defeat our friends in doing timepass, is our Vision's statement.

### Project Introduction

People always criticize the ones who do time-pass; even I did criticize others; coz I didn't get time for doing timepass.
But trust me there is nothing anything like which is called time-pass. Its all about making our mood and serving our interests.
When that interest is far far short term, we doing something which the person serving long term gets giffy about. For example, when we play games, most of the time, people who dont give/have little time for themselves call it a timepass. But, WHAT IF, they meet someone who are far more busy and imp person than him, like a CEO?? CEO will say, what the heck man! all these guys are doing timepass by doing ittusa job or whatever they are at, smaller or bigger, if you get what I'm trying to say. IMHO, there is nothing like a timepass, if there is something in life, its the Karma and the results of it. If the guy doing job or playing game gets money or some refreshment or a healthy exercize to brain then our **TimePass** is here to support them.

## One-Liner

Well! The time is already passing by, we just wanna make it a good time-pass.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with bad mood or sadness? Contact us the time-pass team and we’ll help you sort it out.

### Wanna be part of our timepass development team?

If you want to be part of community doing timpass, you can put your little and free efforts to our _TimePass_ project.
 - You can be part of our project **TimePass** here (https://github.com/OMGiWarriors/TimePass)
 - You can be part of our organization **OMGiWarriors** here (https://github.com/OMGiWarriors).
None of these projects are casual, we are damn serious about being casual.

Commit message:

Added Software Dev section
1. Added Software development section.
2. Given expectation that we need a brainstorming output and a requirement expressed in Agile way, Read
3. Given expectation that we gonna need a good software architecture definition.

README.md, after:

### Welcome to project TimePass

## MISSION

Our **Mission** is to provide the friends a perfect site which enables them *to do* 'a great world class time-pass'.

## VISSION

Our **vision** is to empower our friends giving them all-in-one services so that they can not only do time-pass effectively;
but also they will get addicted to it. No one in the world will defeat our friends in doing timepass, is our Vision's statement.

## Introduction

People always criticize the ones who do time-pass; even I did criticize others; coz I didn't get time for doing timepass.
But trust me there is nothing anything like which is called time-pass. Its all about making our mood and serving our interests.
When that interest is far far short term, we doing something which the person serving long term gets giffy about. For example, when we play games, most of the time, people who dont give/have little time for themselves call it a timepass. But, WHAT IF, they meet someone who are far more busy and imp person than him, like a CEO?? CEO will say, what the heck man! all these guys are doing timepass by doing ittusa job or whatever they are at, smaller or bigger, if you get what I'm trying to say. IMHO, there is nothing like a timepass, if there is something in life, its the Karma and the results of it. If the guy doing job or playing game gets money or some refreshment or a healthy exercize to brain then our **TimePass** is here to support them.

## One-Liner

Well! The time is already passing by, we just wanna make it a good time-pass.

## Support or Contact

Having trouble with bad mood or sadness? Contact us the time-pass team and we’ll help you sort it out.

### Wanna be part of our timepass development team?

If you want to be part of community doing timpass, you can put your little and free efforts to our _TimePass_ project.
 - You can be part of our project **TimePass** here (https://github.com/OMGiWarriors/TimePass)
 - You can be part of our organization **OMGiWarriors** here (https://github.com/OMGiWarriors).
None of these projects are casual, we are damn serious about being casual.

## Software Development Section

### Roadmap
    
    - 1. To train an All Rounders team for collaboration
    - 2. To define the Software Architecture
    - 3. To build an Agile DevOps Setup for CI/CD
    
### Work in Progress
    
    - 1. Brain-Storming for the Software expectation and design
         Expected output : ***Individual Points*** which will give this team online presense and a real good TimePass strategy (stories/epics in Agile)
    
### Done

    - 1. Idea Initialization with small team
    - 2. Created TimePass theme (idea) and {ReadMe.md file} with GitHub page at (https://omgiwarriors.github.io/TimePass/)
    - 3. Added software development section to the ReadMe
    
### Release

    -1.
